# Analysis-Capstone
### Project Overview
For this project, I analyzed Fitbit data for a women's health company to help them create a new marketing strategy for their smart devices. The data was cleaned using Excel and then analyzed with R studio. 
The data I used can be found on Kaggle at this URL https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit.
### Analysis Alterations
During analysis, there were null values that had to be filtered out. These values likely resulted due to people not wearing their smart devices consistently. I found that the weight log data couldn't be analyzed as it only included 8 participants with 5 of those participants tracking their weight on a regular basis. The other three participants only entered their data in once or twice, and it wasn't logged over time, so no conclusions could be drawn based on this data. In addition, the sleep log was only completed by 26 participants. Either this data must be logged manually or the other 7 users not included in this dataset removed their device at night. 
### Analysis Conclusion
The most beneficial marketing strategy for Bellabeat would be to hire an influencer or create an ad that could show off all of the tools of their smart device, such as tracking heart rate, daily steps, and calories burned. Also, their devices should include reminder notifications for people who want to keep track of their sleep or weight. These notifications could be set in the morning or at night depending on the individual's preference. If this notification also appeared on one's phone, this may remind them to put their device back on in the morning. Bellabeat may also want to add features, such as a caloric intake tracker, a sleep journal, a mood tracker, and a menstrual cycle tracker. These are features that are commonly used by similar devices or tracked across multiple apps, so it would be helpful to the consumer to have them all in one place. To ensure these are good investments for their devices, they can conduct a questionnare for their current users about how likely they would be to use these features.

